- [Nana] It's not like
anything super serious
or horrible happened.
It was some weird live
footage on a quiet morning
revealing a scandalous
singer with caked-on makeup.
(birds chirping)
It definitely had
an effect though.
(rock music)
I figured we could use that
attention to get what we wanted.
- [Girl 1] Hey, did you see it
on TV?
Today's Seven in the Morning?
- [Girl 2] Yeah, Nana.
- [Girl 3] Who's that?
- [Girl 1] Ren's girl.
- [Girl 3] He has a girlfriend?
- [Girl 2] She totally pisses me
off.
- But she's super hot, don't you
think?
- [Boy 1] You think so?
I thought she looked evil.
I think she put a curse on me.
- [Woman 1] A curse?
Girls nowadays,
using a man to become famous.
- It's unforgivable,
manipulating Ren like that.
- Oh, do you like Ren Honjo?
Me, too.
Ever since he did that
canned coffee commercial.
- The bass player.
Now he's really cute.
Who cares about Nana?
I wanna know his name.
- Forget the bassist.
Who's the guitarist?
- I totally missed it.
What's the band's name?
- Hey don't you make
your own flowers bloom?
- Do you even know what
it is you're saying?
(phone ringing)
- Good morning, Gaia Records.
- [Worker 1] Sorry, the release
date hasn't been determined.
- [Worker 2] There'll be
an official announcement
once the details have been sent.
- We have no choice,
but to go along with it.
The phones have been ringing off
the hook.
Everyone's suddenly
changed their minds.
Now they want to push forward.
- I just don't like it.
Even if they get big
with this tabloid crap, it'll
just be a flash in the pan.
When this magazine hits
the stands tomorrow,
Nana will get bashed
up even more.
Talented musicians getting
their careers destroyed
by slander, and record companies
who care only about one
thing, the bottom line.
But you've seen this
before, haven't you, Matsuo?
- But all your effort up to
this point will be wasted
if you quit on them now.
I say, don't fight this and
just do what the label wants.
Upper management isn't
interested in hearing your
opinions
or your complaints.
That's obvious since they
never gave you a heads up
about this whole media
onslaught.
Anyone who knows anything
about this business
would easily be able
to figure out that Gaia
was behind that broadcast.
The media knows that, and
they're happily eating it all
up.
The party's already started.
There's no stopping it now.
- Ugh, I've had it with
that old Tanuki face!
Stuffing me in this cheap hotel.
Ugh.
Get us a penthouse suite
or a deluxe room, at least.
- You're totally right.
This is the rudest thing ever.
- You think so? Because
I think it's amazing
that Gaia decided to do
anything for us.
But yeah, a hotel with room
service would be nice right now.
I'm starving.
- Do you want me to go get you
something?
- Sushi!
- Got it. No problem.
I'll be right back.
(gasp)
- Hey, Misato.
- Welcome back, Yasu. How
did everything go with Gaia?
- I didn't expect to see you
here.
- Ah, she saw that stupid show
this morning, got worried,
and rushed over here.
That's my Misato.
- I'm just relieved 'cause
Nana seems totally fine.
Right, Nana?
- But how did you know that
we were here in this hotel?
- I got a text message
from Shin.
- What a nice boy you are.
- Well, I knew she'd wanna
come see us right away.
Plus she said she's gonna
stay with us for a while.
And since we can't go anywhere,
it'll be great to have her
around to run errands for us.
- I'm in room 7-1-2.
Feel free to call me whenever
you need me.
- But what about school?
- Oh, you don't need to worry
about that.
- All right, then.
We got this as a present
from Mr. Nishimoto at Gaia.
Misato, you can eat mine.
- What? It's food?
- Oh, I couldn't take yours.
- No, really.
I just had a lunch meeting
with Mr. Kawano. I'm stuffed.
So don't worry. Go
ahead and help yourself.
- Thanks. I feel bad for eating
your food.
- And make us some tea.
- So who is this Nishimoto guy?
- The head of Gaia's
production department.
He came by the studio
that one time, remember?
- Huh, well, a lot of guys
came by to watch us play.
How can I keep track of
who's who? What was he like?
- I'd say he looks
like a sly fox.
- [Yasu] (laughs)
- A fox.
Gaia's just full of shady
characters.
- Nana, it's super fancy sushi.
(twinkling bells)
- Nishimoto's such a great guy.
But wait, what does it mean
when a big wig like that
buys us expensive food?
- They're finally gonna release
your CD!
- Yeah.
It seems they want to cash
in on our recent exposure.
- That fox ain't so hard
to figure out.
- Congratulations, you guys!
- Nana, no one's forcing
you to do this.
If you don't feel this
is how we should debut,
you don't have to sign
the contract.
- Oh, that's right.
Sorry, I wasn't thinking.
- What the hell are you saying?
Of course we're doing this.
I already threw out
my stupid pride.
Now that I've been put
in this position,
I'm gonna use Ren as
much as I can.
I promised myself
I'd do anything
to climb up the
music biz ladder,
and I'll climb so high
no one will ever
look down on me.
- Nana, you're so cool.
- (laughs) You just
realized that?
- I can't use chopsticks.
- You're unbelievable.
- Where's Nobuo?
- I'm pretty sure he
locked himself in his room.
- That rich kid is such
a baby sometimes.
(beep)
(knocking)
- Huh?
(twinkling bells)
You can't break me
with food anymore.
- Come on. Food is just
food. Eat it, all right?
- I'm so pissed that our
debut on a major label
is happening like this.
I can't believe Nana's
going along with it.
I mean, where did her pride go?
- I'm pretty sure Nana gets her
pride from facing adversity.
- Yeah, but I have my
pride too, you know.
Gaia doesn't give a crap
about our music.
Is this what the major
labels are like?
- Yep, that's pretty much how
all the big companies operate.
If they think it'll sell,
anything goes.
- But Yasu...
- And you're right.
Gaia is probably involved
in this media feeding
frenzy somehow.
- Yeah, I thought so.
- At least that's the theory
that Kawano Matsuo and I
managed to come up with
after thinking it over.
Did you know the network that
broadcasts
Seven in the Morning also
has two music programs
on their schedule?
Gaia often has music
and artists that appear
on those shows, a
benefit for both sides.
So who knows what kind
of deals are going on
behind the scenes?
Our band gets this
splashy introduction
as the latest thing from Gaia.
In order for that to happen,
the TV station had to
contact Gaia ahead of time
to put together some sort
of agreement.
Otherwise they never
would've mentioned
the record company's name.
- Huh.
- The show was clearly set
up to be our promotional push
into the spotlight.
My guess is that was
Gaia's condition
for allowing the whole
thing to be broadcast.
Even if the promotion fails
and we end up in the tank,
Gaia would lose nothing from it.
- This totally sucks.
Nana acts like it doesn't bother
her,
but I know she must
be feeling really hurt.
And I don't wanna be on
a record label like that.
- Well, no matter what
label we're on,
there'll always be shady
deals like that.
It's just business.
But, the good thing about
Gaia is that,
at the very least,
they've got deep pockets
that we can tap into.
It's one thing to be
all about the music,
but unless people actually get
to hear it, what's the point?
If we're gonna be on
a major label
it's best to deal with
one that gives us loads
of money for production
and promotion.
I think there are a lot of
things in life
that are hard to accept.
- Yeah. Lately it seems
like everything
in my life's been
hard to accept.
- Then I guess you're
already figuring it out.
As much as we'd like it to,
justice doesn't always
prevail in this world.
So if you don't want
to be disappointed
you've gotta toughen up.
You've gotta get crafty.
(piano music)
If you can't take it, then
go back to the tirashomaen.
(melancholy music)
- [Nana] When I turned
on the TV,
I saw Ren swarmed by paparazzi
on all the talk shows.
He was being rushed
silently through the lobby
at Narita airport.
It made me feel kind of left
behind and abandoned again.
I had no idea where
he was going,
and I didn't even know
what he was up to.
I remembered us
talking about living
in that warehouse loft
again someday.
It seemed like a distant dream.
One that was even less
likely to come true
than my dream of making
it as a singer.
- Hey Junko, where do
you think Ren's going,
leaving Nana behind?
- What I wanna know is how
long you plan on staying here.
- They sent Ren overseas.
Do you think that means Takumi
went too without telling me?
- And Kyosuke, too.
He told you to come over and
then he ran off to class.
Men only think of themselves,
don't they?
- Wonder when he's coming back?
We never made up after
that fight we had.
- Nana, you should go
back to your parents.
That would be the best
for everyone involved.
- No way! Not after Nana sent me
that beautiful message
of encouragement.
- That was a message of
encouragement, was it?
- Nana's having such a hard
time,
but she's making the
most of it, and so should I!
I shall overcome!
- Actually, the harder you try,
the more problems you inflict
on everyone around you.
So just give up and start
all over again.
- Does this cell phone still
work in another country?
Maybe I could still get a
hold of him.
- And she isn't even
listening to me.
- I can't wait to get to London.
I wonder how Stella's doing.
- Stella? Who's that?
- Takumi's London lady.
- A lady in London? Wow.
He's got a woman there?
- And she's blonde.
- A blonde?
- He has other women, too.
- Yeah?
- He also has one in-
- Hello? Takumi? I can't
believe I got through!
(kids talking)
- Is something wrong?
- Well, I just wanted
to say I'm sorry.
I said mean things to
you this morning.
- This morning?
(ding) (dog barking)
- What do you mean, this mess?
- You've got no part in this.
Oh, right.
- That's all.
I'm sorry to bother
you when you're so busy
with your band stuff.
(guitar music)
(sobbing)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
- Listen, Nana, I'm gonna
be flying to London tomorrow
with the rest of the band.
I'll email you the hotel's phone
number
so you can reach me there
if you need to.
They speak Japanese at the
front desk so, don't worry.
- Tomorrow? For how long?
- Well, for about two weeks.
- Two weeks?
- Come on, it's not that long.
Even if I stayed here, we
wouldn't be able to see each
other
with all this crap going on.
So what does it matter?
- But it does matter.
It's not the same without you
here.
- Oh, really? Well anyway,
that's what's gonna happen.
So unfortunately, I won't
be able to meet your parents
as planned.
Please tell them what
happened and that I'm sorry.
- Then maybe I'll go
back to my parents' place
while you're in London.
I'd be lonely just staying here.
- Yeah, sure. You should
do that.
So what is your
plan anyway?
Are you gonna stay there and
raise the kid on your own?
- No, I don't want that.
I made up my mind that
no matter what happens
the three of us are gonna
be one happy family.
You, me, and the baby.
- Huh. Just us three?
We can have more kids.
- Come on. You don't just
have babies for no reason.
But, please, you need to
compromise a bit more, k?
For the kids' sake.
- Sure. Okay. So I'll bring you
back something from England.
Is there anything you want?
- A diamond ring.
- Oh yeah, that's right.
I forgot I didn't get you
an engagement ring yet.
Do you know your size?
- Size four.
- Got it.
(footsteps)
- Oh, Jun! He's getting me an
engagement ring as a present!
- Congratulations.
- [Nana] Our dreams were
finally coming true.
But the ideals we pursue
and the reality
are always locked in
a stalemate.
They don't get along
and nothing is ever
as you imagined it would be.
(knocking)
- Huh?
- Want one?
- Nana, when you were on TV,
you said something to Hachi,
didn't you?
- Yep. I sent her a secret
message
that only she could
understand.
- I've been getting tons of
emails asking who Hachiko is.
It's worse than the
porno spam I usually get.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- That's all right.
To be safe, I told
everyone it's your pet dog.
- I really am sorry. I keep
causing trouble for you.
If you hadn't become
friends with me,
just think of all the
crazy drama
you wouldn't have
to deal with in your life.
- It's cool though. This
is what I wanna be doing.
Look at me. I'm living
in a story
where I'm getting made fun
of by girls named Nana.
- And what story would that be?
- The Nobuo Diaries.
(chime ringing)
- So you're saying the
next female character
who shows up will be
another Nana?
- I don't think I could
handle another Nana.
- I hate to tell you
this, but the truth is
I can't bring myself to erase
Hachi from my own story.
- Yeah, the same goes for me.
I doubt she'll ever
disappear from mine.
But I got a feeling
I'm probably gone
from Hachi's story now.
- Hey Jun, look. The moon
is so beautiful tonight.
- You're right, it is.
So are you spending the
night here?
- It's not quite full yet.
I wonder when the next full
moon is?
- 'Cause if
you're planning on staying over,
I'll tell Kyosuke to stay
over at a friend's...
- You know what, Junko?
It was the night of
the full moon,
and it must have been the
happiest moment in my life.
- Which night of the
full moon was that?
- It felt like I had everything
I ever wanted close to me.
My heart was full of
hopes and dreams.
My future was shining brightly.
Even if I tried really hard,
I don't think I'll feel pure
happiness like that ever again.
- With Hachi, I believed
I could do anything.
But when the time came,
I was hopeless.
I couldn't do anything
at all. I'm such a loser.
The thing that I can't get over
is she was really horrible
to me.
So why the hell can't
I let go of her?
- Maybe you don't need to do
that. Maybe there's still hope.
- How?
- All you gotta do is listen
to me and follow my plan.
- What kind of plan?
- It's called Operation
Get Hachiko Back.
Once she's in our backyard,
you can mate with her.
- God, you still talk about
her as if she's a dog.
- Don't talk back, fight like
a man!
- I don't need you to
tell me when I should fight.
- Hmm.
(rock music)
My plan was simple. Keep
showing Hachi our sweet dreams.
And as for Blast, we just had
to keep cool and look cool.
And that way we'd stick
around in Hachi's story.
That way she'd have to come back
for sure.
That coldblooded man just
takes her for granted.
He'll never be able to make
our little Hachiko happy.
- Gaia plans to do everything
in our power to promote you,
and that's a promise. We
have very high hopes for you.
- We're all in this together.
(snickering)
- Nana.
(clearing throat)
- We plan to hit number
one with our first single.
I think you'll enjoy the ride.
(engine roaring)
- Ren!
(rock music)
- Take a look.
- Nice tits!
- No, not that you perv.
- Beautiful woman?
- The headline's ridiculous.
But the rest of the article
is even worse.
I'm pretty sure these
guys started the whole
media freak show.
It looks like they have a
real crush on your woman, too.
- Who wouldn't? I know
I really fell for her.
- It seems like Gaia was pretty
eager to latch onto it, too.
I've got a really bad
feeling about this.
- Why is that?
- Are you returning this?
(giggling)
Nana?
- Long time, no see, Nakamura.
When I came into rent
this, you weren't here
so I thought maybe you'd
been fired.
It's good to see you again.
- Did you come back 'cause
you missed me?
- Think you could
overlook my late fee on this?
- No problem.
- Lucky me!
I feel good today.
Maybe I'll drop by the beauty
salon near the station.
I hope it's still there.
(phone ringing)
- Hello? Ms. Hachiko? Big
news! Gaia set a release date!
- Really? When is it?
- Hey Mari.
- Hm?
- I forgot. When's the release
date for our next single?
- It's gonna be Wednesday,
October 31st.
(melancholy music)
(laughing)
- Uh huh.
(melancholy music)
- [Nana] Hey Hachi.
I know I can't be the hero in
your story.
I just can't do it anymore.
But the heroin's name in
my story is still Nana.
The cute Nana.
You.
(swishing)
(slow footsteps)